README.md, before:

# Drupal project template for Platform.sh

This project provides a starter kit for Drupal 8 projects hosted on [Platform.sh](http://platform.sh). It
is very closely based on the [Drupal Composer project](https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project).

## Starting a new project

To start a new Drupal 8 project on Platform.sh, you have 2 options:

1. Create a new project through the Platform.sh user interface and select "start
   new project from a template".  Then select Drupal 8 as the template. That will
   create a new project using this repository as a starting point.

2. Take an existing project, add the necessary Platform.sh files, and push it
   to a Platform.sh Git repository. This template includes examples of how to
   set up a Drupal 8 site.  (See the "differences" section below.)

## Using as a reference

You can also use this repository as a reference for your own Drupal projects, and borrow whatever code is needed.  The most important parts are the [`.platform.app.yaml`](/.platform.app.yaml) file and the [`.platform`](/.platform) directory.

Also see:

* [`settings.php`](/web/sites/default/settings.php) - The customized `settings.php` file works for both Platform.sh and local development, setting only those values that are needed in both.  You can add additional values as documented in `default.settings.php` as desired.
* [`settings.platformsh.php`](/web/sites/default/settings.platformsh.php) - This file contains Platform.sh-specific code to map environment variables into Drupal configuration.  You can add to it as needed.  See [the documentation](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/drupal8.html) for more examples of common snippets to include here.
* [`scripts/platformsh`](/scripts/platformsh) - This directory contains our update script to keep this repository in sync with the Drupal Composer project.  It may be safely ignored or removed.

## Managing a Drupal site built with Composer

Once the site is installed, there is no difference between a site hosted on Platform.sh
and a site hosted anywhere else.  It's just Composer.  See the [Drupal documentation](https://www.drupal.org/node/2404989) for tips on how best to leverage Composer with Drupal 8.

## How does this starter kit differ from vanilla Drupal from Drupal.org?

1. The `vendor` directory (where non-Drupal code lives) and the `config` directory
   (used for syncing configuration from development to production) are outside
   the web root. This is a bit more secure as those files are now not web-accessible.

2. The `settings.php` and `settings.platformsh.php` files are provided by
   default. The `settings.platformsh.php` file automatically sets up the database connection on Platform.sh, and allows controlling Drupal configuration from environment variables.

3. We include recommended `.platform.app.yaml` and `.platform` files that should suffice
   for most use cases. You are free to tweak them as needed for your particular site.

Commit message:

Point to our documentation rather than to a very confusing page on DO
Also don't hide. Give a preview of what is there.

README.md, after:

# Drupal project template for Platform.sh

This project provides a starter kit for Drupal 8 projects hosted on [Platform.sh](http://platform.sh). It
is very closely based on the [Drupal Composer project](https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project).

## Starting a new project

To start a new Drupal 8 project on Platform.sh, you have 2 options:

1. Create a new project through the Platform.sh user interface and select "start
   new project from a template".  Then select Drupal 8 as the template. That will
   create a new project using this repository as a starting point.

2. Take an existing project, add the necessary Platform.sh files, and push it
   to a Platform.sh Git repository. This template includes examples of how to
   set up a Drupal 8 site.  (See the "differences" section below.)

## Using as a reference

You can also use this repository as a reference for your own Drupal projects, and borrow whatever code is needed.  The most important parts are the [`.platform.app.yaml`](/.platform.app.yaml) file and the [`.platform`](/.platform) directory.

Also see:

* [`settings.php`](/web/sites/default/settings.php) - The customized `settings.php` file works for both Platform.sh and local development, setting only those values that are needed in both.  You can add additional values as documented in `default.settings.php` as desired.
* [`settings.platformsh.php`](/web/sites/default/settings.platformsh.php) - This file contains Platform.sh-specific code to map environment variables into Drupal configuration.  You can add to it as needed.  See [the documentation](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/drupal8.html) for more examples of common snippets to include here.
* [`scripts/platformsh`](/scripts/platformsh) - This directory contains our update script to keep this repository in sync with the Drupal Composer project.  It may be safely ignored or removed.

## Managing a Drupal site built with Composer

Nothing is easier than managing a composer based Drupal site on Platform.sh.   See the [Drupal 8 and Composer](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/drupal8.html) for details. For example adding a single module to your Drupal installation is as simple as:

```php
composer require drupal/devel
git commit -am 'add the devel module'
git push
```

## How does this starter kit differ from vanilla Drupal from Drupal.org?

1. The `vendor` directory (where non-Drupal code lives) and the `config` directory
   (used for syncing configuration from development to production) are outside
   the web root. This is a bit more secure as those files are now not web-accessible.

2. The `settings.php` and `settings.platformsh.php` files are provided by
   default. The `settings.platformsh.php` file automatically sets up the database connection on Platform.sh, and allows controlling Drupal configuration from environment variables.

3. We include recommended `.platform.app.yaml` and `.platform` files that should suffice
   for most use cases. You are free to tweak them as needed for your particular site.
